capital = 540

oob = "ANG_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	early_fighter = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    rations = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 200 #5

if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "He 112"
		type = fighter_equipment_1
		upgrades = {
			plane_gun_upgrade = 1
			plane_range_upgrade = 1  
			plane_engine_upgrade = 0
			plane_reliability_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}


recruit_character = ANG_acgs
recruit_character = ANG_ncm
recruit_character = ANG_mt
recruit_character = ANG_nt
recruit_character = ANG_ai2
recruit_character = ANG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ANG_stc
recruit_character = ANG_communist_guy
recruit_character = ANG_aa2
recruit_character = ANG_ar
recruit_character = ANG_acd2
recruit_character = ANG_acr
recruit_character = ANG_coi
recruit_character = ANG_acas
recruit_character = ANG_awt
recruit_character = ANG_pot
recruit_character = ANG_nccr
recruit_character = ANG_aco2
recruit_character = ANG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ANG_ncs


1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
	early_fighter = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    rations = 1

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "Jonas Lote"
	picture = GFX_portrait_Jonas_Lote
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}


#Now a colony of Italy  However, if independent it would have
1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		neutrality = 100
	}
}

